#_cpG Gonystylus bancanus_
**Authors:** Tisha Melia at al.

***

Gonystylus bancanus (Miq.) Kurz, commonly known as ramin, is a peat swamp tree native to Malaysia, Indonesia, and Brunei. It produces fine-grained, light-colored timber highly valued for furniture and interior finishing. Due to extensive logging and habitat loss, it is now listed as Critically Endangered on the IUCN Red List and protected under CITES Appendix II. 

## 01_Annotation_with_problems_CPGAVAS2.txt
Output CPGAVAS2 showing potential problem of annotation, which then curated/corrected in NCBI Workbench.

## 02_Gonban_cpG_ILM_Wbench.gbp
NCBI Genome Workbench native format for annotation correction/curation. 

## 03_Th67_part1_10_MauveAlignedtoModelTest.fas
Aligned 67 sequences as the input to ModelTest-Ng, Maximum Likelihood and Bayesian Inference phylogenetic analysis. 

## 03a_MauveAln67SampelList.txt
Sample codes of 01 to 67. 

## 04_Th67_part1_10_toModelTest.fas.out
Determination of the best nucleotide substitution model by ModelTest-Ng. 

## 05_Th67_part1_10_toModelTest.fas.treefile
Maximum Likelihood tree generated by IQTree2.

## 05a_Th67_part1_10_toModelTest.fas.iqtree
IQTree2 Report.

## 05b_Th67_part1_10_toModelTest.fas.log
IQTree2 Log.

## 06_Th67_part1_10_toMrBayes.nex.con.tre
Bayesian Inference tree generated by MrBayes.

## 06a_Th67_part1_10_toMrBayes.log
MrBayes Log.

## README.md
This file.

## analyze_misa.R
Analyze the identified SSRs

## compare_genome.R
Comparing our genome with the published G. Bancanus genome

## fastqc_slurm.sh
QC of the illumina reads

## get_organelle_slurm.sh
Assemble genome with get_organelle

## get_stat_published_seq.R
Get statistics of various cp genomes


